added faq with HiCMatrix 12 to 13 (#236)
deeptools/pyGenomeTracks: docs/content/faq.rst

FAQ
===

.. contents:: 
    :local:

Why the scale of my Hi-C plot suddenly changed
----------------------------------------------
pyGenomeTracks is using `HiCMatrix <https://github.com/deeptools/HiCMatrix>`_ to read the matrix from ``h5`` and ``cool`` format.
From version 12 to version 13, a normalization step when reading ``cool`` file was removed. This normalization was mostly used 
when you were providing ``cool`` file from `cooler balance <https://cooler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cli.html#cooler-balance>`_.

> If you want to keep the old scale you need to downgrade to HiCMatrix version 12 but version 13 also correct some bugs so we advice
> to change your ``max_value`` in your parameter file to adjust to the new scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestions
If you want to keep the old scale please adopt your ``max_value`` in your parameter file to the new scale.
```

Reviewer: Do we need to mention the downgrade option? In the long run this is not an option either way.

Author: Yes but if people have all figures of a paper done and just want to add one figure...

Author: Maybe we can remove this proposition in few months...

Author: If people have all figures of a paper ready and just want to update one plot I understand that they would like just to downgrade and we can remove this downgrade option in few months.

Reviewer: I need to test this in Bioconda. I changed the suggestion ... is that any better?
